Add information about Rider support (#224)
AvaloniaUI/avaloniaui.net: src/AvaloniaUI.Net/wwwroot/docs/index.md

Welcome to Avalonia! Avalonia is a cross platform XAML Framework for .NET Framework, .NET Core and Mono.

Avalonia is shipped as .NET standard 2.0 [NuGet packages](/docs/quickstart/packages) and a [set of templates](/docs/quickstart/create-new-project) for the .NET CLI.

> The [JetBrains Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/) IDE has inbuilt support for Avalonia XAML [starting in 2020.2](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/whatsnew/#avalonia-support) including first-class support for Avalonia-specific XAML features and custom code inspections. We also have a [Visual Studio extension](/docs/quickstart/ide-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [JetBrains Rider](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/) IDE has built-in support for Avalonia XAML [starting in 2020.3](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/whatsnew/2020-3/#version-2020-3-avalonia-support) including first-class support for Avalonia-specific XAML features and custom code inspections. We also have a [Visual Studio extension](/docs/quickstart/ide-support).
```

Reviewer: I added an _evergreen_ link to make sure that the link doesn't get broken.
